Add deprecation notes for monitoring component (#16769)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/01-overview/main-areas/observability/obsv-10-useful-links.md

- Install a [custom Loki stack](https://github.com/kyma-project/examples/tree/main/loki).
- Install a [custom Jaeger stack](https://github.com/kyma-project/examples/tree/main/jaeger).

> - Install a [custom Prometheus stack](https://github.com/kyma-project/examples/tree/main/prometheus).

Reviewer: Let's also link [this](https://github.com/kyma-project/examples/pull/236) once it's merged.

Author: okay, I will keep an eye on it and will link it once it's merged

Reviewer: It's merged now.

Author: The link is added now

- Install a [custom Loki stack](https://github.com/kyma-project/examples/tree/main/loki).
- Install a [custom Jaeger stack](https://github.com/kyma-project/examples/tree/main/jaeger).
- Install a [custom Prometheus stack](https://github.com/kyma-project/examples/tree/main/prometheus).

> - Learn how to [install an OTLP-based metrics collector](https://github.com/kyma-project/examples/tree/main/metrics-otlp) to collect and ship workload metrics to an OTLP endpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To collect and ship workload metrics to an OTLP endpoint, see [Install an OTLP-based metrics collector](https://github.com/kyma-project/examples/tree/main/metrics-otlp).
```
